what's up everybody what we've written
I'm back and I'm bringing you a gameplay
commentary on modern warfare 2 and we're
doing it on rust with the scar-h stylist
and no visas gun a lot my last three
modern warfare commentaries but I'm kind
of on a kick right now and the scar is
that kick really enjoying the gun really
fun to use all right what I want to talk
about this commentary is a movie I just
watched it's for the masters of horror
series it for people on the Masters a
whore series is it's a series that
showtime used to put up i don't know if
they still do it where they get popular
directors such as tobe hooper and you
know like george romero and stuff and
they had them do an hour long short
movie and it's usually based on whatever
they have a budget and a set amount of
time to do it but when i watch today was
tobe hooper's that damn thing and this
movie has holes in it the size of a porn
star it is retarded and let me go and
say there's going to be spoilers ahead
most you don't want to watch this movie
anyway so it doesn't matter the damn
thing is about starts out with a really
really cool opening singing of a boy
running from his father who was trying
to kill him toward the end of the same
the father gets disemboweled by an
invisible creature keep that in mind all
right fast-forward 24 years the movie
does what every crappy horror movie does
it introduces one-dimensional characters
that soon fall too fall through the
death and I breakneck pace because the
movie can only be an hour long and you
approve this one one of the scenes in
the movie appears it jumps to a guy
that's hitting himself in the head with
a hammer that we never even fucking met
before why do I care about this guy
dying it proves nothing towards the
story it's just like an extra scene of
gory excited to add into the movie how
could they justify all this gore effects
on somebody that didn't even be in the
film well basically happens journals
come by and tell you something about
another town the head that drill for oil
in a and it made it uncovered like this
ancient evil and it killed them off and
I guess is the same age I drove here is
other to try to kill everybody else but
everybody else in the movie were killing
themselves which doesn't make sense see
from from this point a movie my
interpretation was the monsters presence
would make you either go into a
murderous rage but not even that the
first the first thing the monster was
making his father killed the thing and
then the rest of the movie the people
kill themselves when they come into
contact with it or other people around
them it's hard to explain that that's
why it's a dumb movie because you either
kill somebody or you kill yourself one
of the two you kill anything it's kind
of like fucking him night shyamalan's
fucking what was that name happening the
happening let me go ahead and say at the
end of the movie it turns out there's
this big oil monsters like big oil and
it makes me wonder like if you get a
crappy CGI big ol monster killing the
sheriff off at the end of the movie why
didn't we see him when he was
disemboweling his father at beginning of
the movie they decided to make invisible
did he have his cloak on what is what
what was going on with the guys in this
movie they need to quit making horror
movies based off short stories is it is
they usually come off bad and they all
really really dull the last good short
story horror movie that I seen was
written by stephen king and it was 1408
this movie is horrible but if you want
to see the horribleness you can see it
on netflix is called the damned thing it
tobe Hooper you I Texas Chainsaw
Massacre might have been a fluke but
I'll no poltergeist was pretty good
you